Matthieu eating this up really hard
right now
we never fall man we can't get to the
freakin out of us big man Omar and I
have aggregate Lee lived in eight
different cities around the world at
different times in our lives and
arriving the new city is not always easy
but we found that one of the best ways
to connect with locals from these cities
is to attend a local sports game and
embrace the sports culture and when I
first moved to Montreal I was quickly
converted into an over-the-top hockey
fan yeah for me it's usually all in or
nothing now amar and I know nothing
about American football and even less
about Canadian football so Matt decided
to reach out to the Alouettes the
Montreal football team who eventually
accepted to host us and teach us how to
kick a field goal with their lead kicker
bo is bidding as usual we got lost twice
on the way there but eventually made it
to the stadium Oh getting a little
nervous look and their practice was
intense but amar wanted to have a
workout of his own
can you come closer oh we were done with
a warm-up and we spotted Boris
he cut our attention when during
practice he kicked one of the longest
heel goals in Canadian football history
67 yards right set let's go let's go
we had to get on his level
at dinner practice we somewhat clueless
Steve walked on the field but Boris was
there to teach us see you take a few
times just watch you do it okay we're
just gonna come to you again same this
way I think you guys have it in you oh
not that for the rematch what's going on
is you have a block here this is where
the balls gonna be placed on and you
have a holder what I do is you take two
steps two steps approaching kick the
ball so I'll just show you one clip of
preganant
yes come over there you give us the
basics and showed us how it's done what
you're gonna want to do it releases
towards the whip where's the front day
you're gonna wanna game at about an inch
400 white line here just have fun trying
to find out your target was so
embarrassing I just hope you don't kill
anybody
you're Kato just behind you coming in
behind just be careful first time Hey
all right all right you just cut a
little bit low young chef to be on your
own bubble yeah if you're coming in and
you're hearing the sound and most like
is gonna be problems if you miss you
happen to miss you have to make sure
that the next kick is gonna be good
because you can't let it get in your
head and yeah cuz then it gets tons of
real okay tomorrow was by far the best
kicker even though I was the only one
able to make a terrible shot that went
through the post
well thank you guys it is a natural
serious kicking session we have to have
our postgame interviews thank you any
questions
ah you know I feel pretty good better be
as good as Tom's bragging kicking these
field goals but you know he takes
steroids so that's we're gonna happen
thank you now see the first Egyptian
football player how does it feel and not
have made it today there's rumors that
you have moves
what man boobs with their mr. Derrick
quick question how does it feel to be a
small Turkish man on the team I've got a
sexual affair with Justin Bieber yes no
further proof mr. Riley Spragg
there are a lot of complaints that you
cheated field office all I gotta say is
that one day I wish on a turtle crusher
like a cat one day okay it would be nice
thank you so much for watching please
subscribe it's already snowing outside
the only way to get them are through
this winter is if you subscribe thanks I
like how you say it's already snowing
outside this town is just like